---
title: "Politique de Confidentialité"
description: "Details on collection, usage, cookies, and your rights for a safe and transparent browsing experience."
postSlug: "politique-de-confidentialite"
---

Your privacy is important to us. It is **Teoria da Permissão**'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, [Teoria da Permissão](https://teoriadapermissao.com.br), and other sites we own and operate.

We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.

## Data Retention

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.

## Sharing

We don't share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.

## External Links

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

## Consent

You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.

## User Commitment

The user undertakes to make appropriate use of the contents and information that Teoria da Permissão offers on the site and with an enunciative, but not limitative character:

A) Not to engage in activities that are illegal or contrary to good faith and public order;
B) Not to disseminate propaganda or content of a racist, xenophobic nature, or related to illegal betting houses, games of chance, any type of illegal pornography, apology for terrorism or against human rights;
C) Not to cause damage to the physical (hardware) and logical (software) systems of Teoria da Permissão, its suppliers or third parties, to introduce or disseminate computer viruses or any other hardware or software systems that are capable of causing the aforementioned damage.

## More Information

Hopefully, that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.

This policy is effective as of **December 2025**.

---

> **Note:** This translation was generated by Artificial Intelligence. In case of discrepancies, the original Portuguese version prevails.
